Welcome to the 2018 B. Courageous Regional Convention of
Jehovah's Witnesses. Each year, our convention is a highlight
of our worship. We know that you've been looking forward to this
year's program. Why has the governing body arranged for three
days of scriptural instruction on the subject of courage? All
around the earth. Our brothers and sisters are showing
godly courage. Still, it can be a challenge to do so when face
with various trials. As world conditions worsen, all of us
can expect to face greater tests of our courage in the future.
Soon, this world will experience the foretold great tribulation.
At that time, we'll no doubt need to act with courage as never
before. In addition, Jehovah has assigned us the vital
work of preaching the good news. This work is refreshing and it
brings us great joy. But I'm sure you'll agree we need courage
so that we can fully accomplish our ministry, especially
in difficult times. We hope that this convention will
strengthen you to be courageous now and help you to be prepared
for what lies just ahead. Why does Jehovah allow his servants
whom he loves to face situations that call for courage? After
all, he has the power to remove any trial and he could
accomplish the preaching work by another means. Let's consider
the bigger issues involved. Satan has challenged the
rightfulness of Jehovah's rule and he has questioned our
motives for serving God. By not shielding us from all trials,
Jehovah grants us the privilege of making a reply to Satan.
Furthermore, Jehovah honors us by allowing us to preach
and bear witness to his name. At Luke chapter 22 verse 31,
Jesus told Simon Peter, look, Satan has demanded to have all
of you to sift you as wheat. Should we fear the devil's
efforts to break our integrity? Absolutely not. We agree with
Psalm 461, which says, God is our refuge and strength. As
loyal servants of Jehovah, we are under the protective care of
the Almighty Himself. During the next three days, you'll see
how Jehovah has been a refuge for his people in both ancient
and modern times. And you'll learn how Jehovah helps us to
show courage. Please pay careful attention to the entire
program. May Jehovah bless and reward you for the love you show
for his name.